Peter are you sure you know what you're
doing yeah never stopped me before
[Music]
show me your teeth do like a go black it
looks like there's a new owner this guy
[Music]
I'm Thomas McGregor these gates are
incredibly sturdy I just need to keep
the wildlife out where they belong in
London we find vermin and we exterminate
them about to find out
no mrs. tiggy-winkle stop look away this
is our ancestors land it's time to get
our garden back we're gonna need
everyone come on Wubbzy
[Music]
grated love them things are not don't
you end well for you no guts no glory
it's time to bring the fight to him
[Music]
like several old wait to boys getting
along perfectly and that's what
separates us from the French our natural
rabbit space should be able to keep up
do you know what that would never of
worse
[Music]